.TH camerastatus 0.5 "August 2012"
.\" Process with
.\" groff -man -Tascii camerastatus.1
.\"
.SH NAME
camerastatus \- CAMERA system status monitor
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B camerastatus 
[
.B \-h,--help
] [
.BI \-url " http URL"
] [
.B \-v,\--version
]
.SH DESCRIPTION
Displays information of current status of CAMERA system by pulling
data from a text file served on a webpage at periodic intervals.
Currently the interval is 300 seconds between refreshes. 

.B To refresh

Hit 'r' or 'R' and the program will refresh by obtaining new data
from the URL

.B To exit

Hit 'q' or 'Q' key a couple times


.PP
.SH OPTIONS
.TP 12
.B \-h,\--help
Display a short usage description, including all available options.
.TP
.B \-v,\--version
Displays version.
.TP
.BI \-url " http URL"
Specifies alternate URL from which to obtain current status of CAMERA.  The
default url is 
http://cylume.camera.calit2.net/jstatus.txt.
.TP
.B \-rawdata             
Hits URL, dumping data received to stdout and exits
.TP
.B \-simulate
Instead of using real data this mode simulates CAMERA status.
.TP
.B \-geometry " width height"
Sets alternate geometry in characters for display.  Default is
79 23.  

Example: -geometry 78 21

NOTE:  Any values below 77 18 may not display correctly.
.TP
.SH FILES
.PD 0
.B @bindir@/camerastatus
.br
.PD
.SH BUGS
.PP
This application is in an alpha state and probably will crash.  With that said
the following known issues exist

Resizing the terminal window will mess up the display

If a call to the URL doesn't get complete data the code does NOT re hit the URL
until the next refresh interval


.SH AUTHORS
.PP
camerastatus is written by Christopher Churas<churas@ncmir.ucsd.edu>
.PP
Report bugs at
.BR https://github.com/CAMERA/camerastatus
